court death and live on campus
You bastard
What are you arrogant about?
What the hell do you think you are?
Just by you
Dare to talk nonsense in front of famous generals
The famous generals are all this kid
From start to finish here defiant
arrogant and domineering
It has nothing to do with our Bai family
Please be merciful
Don't implicate our Bai family
Yeah, yeah.
None of this has anything to do with us
Please let us go
Yes, yes, yes.
It really has nothing to do with us.
It's all Baiqianzi
It has to be mixed with Zhongxiao
The famous general has a head and a debt
It is Zhongxiao who provokes you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not us.
You broom star
Since our prodigal family got infected
It's never been better
You son of a bitch
If the empress dies
Being a ghost also curses you for not being able to reincarnate
This has nothing to do with Zhou Xiao
It's them you shut up
Lord General will see you clearly
Be sure to spoil it
The scourge is him
It was he who together with the temple bullied the king
You talk a lot of nonsense.